Paswalvin Novipizodimaizo the er the humanizing sex workers or
woman is and sex wives Brazil. Marxism. Uh, IT
always fes me if I'm tameta fall I'm cooking
into one piece que es a if I if
I cent piece that's going to actualize it in
in unke consike a mic and contrara gang falerments
over one piece and vams bear OK like you
know a cave when we cannae we are preserve
the lucky.
Moin brigade occupies kiss queso is in principal. SEXUAL
nada.
Gustavo sapura purunta ukeki tra sexual sexual nukazuko sexual
sexual sexual.
Bone sexual lien viva chu visus uh gina Tresa
sexual marriage to the infaa ki etra. SEXUAL prostitute
kijifa tro sex wives schem girls for example ski
peas. PORNOGRAPH pornograph. Uh. GAS. Selma provoca as uh
proper uh ms dia vida frequent migreevgeli. Portugal Portugal
congregarista Brazil in ois congrega Christian rem. Is to
stra crema migre uh keeping as a strats cre.
The kiss kiss.
No, uh, issulembromabkeki in Portugalau on a Turkaribolo no,
no, I'm in uh uh interest nesquezas maza, uh,
we ste livusscomu, a prostitute of virginia du padre
pretend
shut up they're selling.
Um, BY sta provenar kwezekashik so ok kwezekdirix songs
prosi contras do tra sexual.
Oh Ricardo. FOR me. FAMILIA obvio casa proprintavo makier
poss then duispoa. My streosekieli eosinofauji agenchi precisas spokesimu.
Uh, POPOLISA sau saints crimmina saint recon in contras
was a boss. Uh, KISSIFRAS muchi das kiofalo kio
maka ellion valo. CALL in. I suppose this song
sis po ne ne nesimeo amun to delicado e
claus se mule jam to physio. AND she's fundamental
in the Petrabalados sex. Um, VIOLIN.
See, uh, sabakwe resava eki es contra sexual loque
uh muralism re sexual, um, mm umavezo water vein
um new rebedo sexual sker redo sexual kwejidos in
redo sexual. CIRCUMSTANCES finans uh mes uh uh quant
strata sexual mes known strata tras uh precarious uh
ques uh queso pas fazer.
SEXUAL sexual. Yeah, curios is sings to bris. No,
kiss thing. I see uh no no faiu woman
I think she.
Mhm. Now it sad purk strato sexual mun trapi
inclusive to the sexual traffic sexual, uh, same as
uh strata trafficuma and pro tips stras. STUDIES katarti
strafidustrafi hula scrubs Asian agriculture sexual. SEXUAL traffic sexual.
Uh, I I the the sobrique. Uh, I think
she mentioned participation in pod cash. She kept moving
to grungequino Brazil quishomopodquesh tray mouse. Sing ozuque el
patsi peso puezo bahapaimgrasadpoque eli mikolococomlibera uteinterona engrasad puque
uh No elikoheri maxi min yeah yeah fajiki muskas.
Uh. CONSERVADORES you know feminist possi is suki. Cosima.
IS a professors. NO no no no. Uh, INCLUSIVE.
No. If we keep moving to guarantees is prapoplas
in prams. As a mona is a massaging sad
the milk canal. PESOIS the pronuncia peso el tinto
uh sipasa puruma mule a mule sink milk canal
aya peso has milk maridaino. That has bone so
yeah we persu kuma sing uh mokiforeveo uh yin
maridu de jigash they should you call jing in
casipranos paragashsarki. AS a pesosago puga trance is hell
no a personaging as a persona hell sing vain.
OK and sata mama feminist mama communist. Uh. Yeah,
uh, uh, the, the, the, the, uh, the sad
uh the massing, um, Marxism prejano tip the Marxist
a tips the the Marxists boys miss Marxista hardcore
is sleva eru ukumarxi Wengels the ser is kum.
Essing and premier lugar uh els erro algumusqueso um
um diseaseul whenelsdnki. Uh, ESOPOSSUM pokugus meza Ashmazomeens presto
linesels, uh, these urizonki ukesemento kesemento mogami in particular
foriadu pussia propriadat privade essing jaisistia sements this uh
this todrop isist kesementu. ART. CAPITAL sexual sexual capitalism
xx. CAPITALISM. Uh, AS inrem nonfas grandcentimosota and pod
prophetta and Ser Marxist in non-concordar or criti car
parts, the studious, the Marx Yangels or the Otrus
Marxists or communists.
Uh ZAIN prase in associ flex. NO no Uh,
program is inclusive program of sexual sexual. SEX.
SEXUAL
assuming that means is casting.
LIBER.
I insino posse naki vivems with trasseoso kikolo cubesimo
the benji yomiza. SEX. Etafazindu. Elta contribueno pra truda
familia dubenkou. It was. SUGAR babies. Uh, M Marmi
compa I don't know Bill Gates.
Uh, AND, and nis uh then the nis mun
variant the feminism now feminism liberal fenis Marxist sa
feminism gender critical part of feminism radical feminism radical
avarius the feminism. THE sex sex negative sex negative
sexual position pornography of the feminis. AND work in
the Catherine McKinnon Falavo muntubertament contra ultra bisexual pornography
and my specific is humanists position. Ask the Italian
and grand mdida um miss mutipu the valors morais
and lasal of sex g so is conservadores religiosa
stein.
INCLUSIVE principal pornography.
SCIENTIFIC.
Uh, US infiaschitrakon situsi uma kohelaser. SEX. Uh, INCLUSIVE
via tolizao is migeno protocol pale mki uh defin
uh uh uh. As is situolavas is in. The
pornography pornography in agua.
Eliza. QUESA writtenbustejan canal uh Nicole Prozi o neuroscientist
physicism and studus sobre visu and pornography in neverdadu
VCU and pornography uh noisistukiistuki ukisiste oes providing the
um background religios. GRAPH.
Is graphy for example. PORNOGRAPH pornograph psychotherapy. um THERAPY
uh psychology is a Brazil is she has.
Portugal Portugal is the logicstuguese logic.
Uh, A key nu brazila lane j dafikulaji prasasa
size to you visu msu is te pelu sui
soivvose I think youment some pokma demora does navo
setting agenda travisus posa infin. Uh, IS this atom
behind the mophobia brazil because. IS that I like.
Is a professor Brazilia depresso muns. Tao is uh
infin size busca in proto jatava vincio to vincivitas.
I. FAMILIAR. I know my son.
Mhm. Sing zo trajagore is to sado sake certalkukikuzo
estodore sex er furnukulaps civilsalvia sings. It's a it's
not. A person sex wise
you ask inclusive. X y zozili attribua tai j
j j sing. Uh, I'm it's a it's a.
Brass m grate fasiguro uh vos savo to infin
rates is it's yarata falls to his songsabi.
No, no, masabewaingread principal menkunsu religiosis non non so
su was religiosis mamsu conservadores al uzong pavrescommoter muskou,
uh, genera, uh, pseud uh usudumit in particular with,
uh, first sex oral sexonales un pudumit. Is the
lie to the zoos.
SAD yeah even some problem like example Brazil nale
dale is like.
I sing so the poise mintessesses messessing tip the
kaos songwalter mentipocrates pores tambin pornographic tikumume resemble nomad
stadzunitsk who's red states who stad sma rep. We
can pornography.
Can we bring you know prosper. Uh IMPRESSION massaging.
SO.
Isaeungrasarukian primesoare sexualism is a prime insto to the
fis Olivia Bentley ume escort for podcast can the
sos uh influenciadore norm studs units conservadore yellow fezumipiodio
Olivia Bentley sopro rage bait pur bazimenta ele. Invista
sulta gente kiki's a kuzalo to the mazalkwes inclusive
mud sultament skos elvis physis podcast soens um podcast
public conservas poised physo podcast uh who who's who's
was inss conservas.
Prano is uh demos pornograph bone venge is uh
guado haters. I know.
PORNOGRAPHY sex. The boys the vis redo sex serum
inclusive uh kezai skis prokurum from murnament sexual uh
it possessing miss muu considerrasmus ski uh uh awami
ski voter prostitutes present uh saquin cement the suzmers
it posses lessinnament secabo struvius. Ekulpaev came at the
prostitute or web warming physist for azunestekpeeski semprique contes
salgu makweekuppe uh kumrule cinnamented struidwa kuppe semper the
mulerdamaform
oh you violent er. Inclusive is well mm el
temintara sun jagstra kipranosa convers puke ultra bali sexual
min. SEX. PORNOGRAPHY. And poses. NOT reach. SAUSAGES in
sex. POSSI. I don't think.
Now attain settlement sex kart sitzinki for approprius it
is insin for the sex. Um NOABBOLTARAKAZA is a
fas quiz it it amentum this uh subzun ums
um mothersmi umusskisu was mfaze mai new only fans
uh uh physigravarvis in mandar his videos, uh, a
mandar Beijing news front soccerist. Thanks.
Kellizo milk and now prafaze uma call it g
g g spare hummala prafazo procedure to price posing
gravida yelling gravido. And. CONCEPT.
Uh, EKELARIODORES munkegore uh thanksfala munte bony blue dodleter
to do renew.
THAT I learned
it was. REFORM. THE Uh, trebeodore sex wise non
tying ullimores trebeodore sex wise percaletamentavadier when followdu sewapo
you are reform UK eki aaler uh a self-made
kelein uh car to do fruit to do so
meri to i nuncre severe propriament the ejudaro resodore
sex wise at the ovores trebelidoro sex wise Britanniques
serum prison. TO TikTok visa
for example. FEMINISM peso viva. I
that
Uh, prostitute.
I'm. Almoqueengrassava eparam menus fenitos revicais principal mental puri
like some controtravali sexual or contrast sore permeasur sore
exclusionary radical feminists Kluwe uh sores in particular as
muer trends the movement. The movement conserva religious etc.
ASSUMING dismiss stre anti-sexual, etc. SO. In. ASSESSOR to
assess uh capacidad uh sincere pur uh uh maltratadoquezasinguradzunid
is musk and stadzunid sons and snuvente consider uh
ecu. Uh, MAKES this viewless sound sexual mental as
the pills yellow non non comprehending steep the movement
stone controlsal properties interests independent mental nonrepado sex the
montare.
Is that a man imagine and uh. KITA bris
mm feministas feminism bum sharing jiki as muler. Gluta
congress.
STREAM miti min. Um, THEN duo femunism mainstream, uh,
atamba mun privilege the class prukakilele algumus munist shamonde
white feminism or or femunmbrauki, uh, basi ment essmers,
uh, kveus. SEVER difficult mm minoritarius minoritariusmer's trends tres
X Y Z, etc. S.
Seeing a character for the feminist mullibera mulerischia carremus
uh salarizigu my stat to do base it was
a foamy pragado do mash was so salarij pragado
do mash kzads. A supera ass class problem pranosmos
max nedestrabalaorsdes as mul mulle negros mulle to the
zeal. PRIVILEGE.
Uh, Jagora Jagora supper frireki purcomuso brakio Portuguesemus purfaborno
massus seeing a mils and pasadzia kills vira of
Brazil and nounargu yunis, OK, and targu yun dramas's
indigenous du fizramassu was negros and scravatu. INCLUSIVE Brazil.
Brazil.
PHARMA is conservadores character uker sexual ministers so is
so is conservadores. And then the yakuzaru feminism nonso
trabaodore sex wives mezu feminismal. The liberty sexual promis
sexual liber sex sex. SEXUAL sexual sexual liberty sexual.
I think conservas conservadores. They can carrying they just
tend to have sex as a man's biz.
RED pills
red red pills.
Schultz princis principa Figueres the red pill Brazil. ONLINE.
Holland. A Brazil Brazil.
Brazil.
See, I, you know, a salo como as much
as my violent, uh, vine is nes is mojimattara
muler is its same thing you watch you to
that's muler is neg suing thing in.
NO.
YOU know. Uh
SING sing
singing. Just And. I
copycat effects the principals. PHOTOGRAPHY.
Ma. No brazil fades in circumstances violin.
No, no, this says vehement viv new Brazil missis
the minisi is a politic new Brazilli he inflictment
to a parties he, he came in Portugales in
numer popula so no so so.
THE.
Mhm. Iste is a contests is numza river is
miniencia, uh, contramuler and loozi, etc. CONTESTING me mud
posada penskintro invigor in his mili a Maria da
Pena Maria da
Pena, uh Maria da Pena el. uh POSSE. Uh
SALUTE. CRIMINAL.
It.
C.
Elias, noa contest the Mayao Brazilla movements red Billy
masculinistas, uh kitento uh Rufris Ale Maria de Pena,
uh Kendo misandrique.
SING. MINI mini. No. uh
SEXUAL sexual. SEXUAL.
INCLUSIVE. PORNOGRAPHY. E, uh, causa du traf which peso
wasa some and tava violes contras mules etc. TODOSES
is papuskinoting absolish namemo compravasos in chief connect. Uh,
SO in chief kin fin e e grassadkiel er
desiu namastegu vibessagrado femininseuquet a desitroli dos corpus and
the sacrallisa. Feminine sex. I confess to pravoseoski polio
skatos.
Yeah, and to, uh, safazel maizuma punta cirque the
sexual uh mum one piece that's uh sotaqueing a
came Portugal, uh, no sta uh el sing like
the Maori uh a Catholic, uh, a new Brazil,
uh, comeole per um. A burdains the Maori religiosaic
and no tenuous certesa dwales iia Catholic i evangelical
water uh mescomore uh a burdain sier influencia que
uh religion of Brazil and attentive of controllare sexually
that feminine.
A flex spode praseki no systems in the caves
that vein she's stra uh polio. Problem with sosa
is a lipo grejala echoloca deli prattata pagusburakzne Jewish
duo jokajikwedu com er er cashton is mes muji.
Asia so jin tress is suo maki press was
singer uh socia is in g conservador is mm
my job. In the saints.
Uh, NO vis Brazil Mazendo is milli vintrezo is
livintiquat stood in Portugal in the zindivi Portugal Japan.
CONTENT. Brazil or the sex in the coins.
Else vise osabi kita ta and that's a skis.
Uh, Brazil.
And now zero posing vir ash um uh fred
nutwitter instig public oppos via sobres that that's scientistas
thanks to that or the gloes um attendiazomes globally
and win ver um. Singler, uh, right down, uh,
vamsfalaun umkevi do one piece seki yeah ywashra ywaingrasadup
purkenui male nuprimiri meldor's plastic name Vo escribea calafras
dulufikiswai orewanaru.
Uh,
A new podcast.
I'll have all the best today.
No, saving one piece uh um scan. INCLUSIVE dragon.
Things as in parazuji as the same and so
is the squad. Is no reclusive gas gale via
uzu bandera natas. Uh, TWICE uh inclusive to eat
uh uh bodera dulufi ala jmo boderadapainyengrass cassos fass.
It's infinite. Ivo libera is visa so watching grassa
castssaging is she you know Isa as I have
like posh.
Mazost fissost dragon krio is snare marin they show
a marines spoiler. In gas flashback dragon snake ukramar
bazi o yo. The story of the Brooks this
this this monsters.
Elega ellegajima was the trasa parallel salamentuki caspe solo
conigoinda as she sing mm mm a masseta dossurika
que cabo fazendoses is non trazenda is inretas.
BONES. COMPLEX.
It's it's it's it's processes so kimo da la
daji and daughter.
ONE piece.
New personage in favor to oil. Ewashuk ushanks.
Uh, GUSTEGUSTE the slimspurki algumbarazai sal.
It was shukie wash to to me to the
loof inclusive tweakkino no me bra so I should
umafofu mao el pok habu genteg spirit wash. COMMUNIST
pessimist. OK, pessimist and I and and I have
also transform so much more pessim contrasting as a
prosopobuje the primit.
IN the mandarumu spoilers miss um purfrid miso dragon
Mr. MANGOST min to do uh rocks I got
a sapskio paidu barba negra purke el el tea
with uh mintubombo.
Moto
brontetool uh ends the terminal on the que so
spotting in control on the internet.
uh, UZU principal man she instagram I singsiapeo no
boom days etc. uh ELIUSUMAHOBATO pontua esika er siskrevica
uh yaga kume kajika kita. Uh CRI ta ta.
Uh KOJI zones and.
OK, if we include students Christiani ya m mino
brigadorea converse is uh stiver intersado gustavo mia continua
conversa as a part to do is this to
purque in the minte queso principal puran for minso
Brasiliali Brazil a muntzos topics uh gustavosako 6 sunnival.
Uh, um, J j z poshi in conjun to
YouTube
cla claspera betadorea conves washji conversariri to the pea.
Hesba ba das flora m brigado pilvia do.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Muller, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolff, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forst Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegerru Inai Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoo, and
Hal Herzognun, Machael Jonathan Labran, John Yardston, and Samuel
Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran,
David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezaraujo Romain Roach, Diego Londono
Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro, Adam
Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov, Zal
Adrian Yei Poltonin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward Hall,
Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolati, Gabriel Pancortez or
Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony Smith, and
Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno, Luke
Lovai, Georgios Theophannus, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David Williams,
Dio Costa, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw, Marie
Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee Junior.
Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert Grassy,
Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark Kempel,
Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson, Benjamin
Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael Bensleyman.
George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van Goler,
Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular,
Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov, Sean
Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A special thanks
to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank Lucas Stink,
Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas Trumbull,
Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlo Montenegro, Al Nick
Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to my executive producers,
Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and Rosie. Thank
you for all.